I don't see what the heck's
in it for me...
since you've lost
the Aetherium crystal!
We can work.
And I have to find out
the real truth...
about Laputa for myself,
captain.
So, you're not interested
in money...
but you want to find out
the truth about Laputa.
Heh heh. Well, I guess
there's worse reasons...
for you wanting
to become a pirate.
LOUIE: Mother,
DOLA: Tow the line and
work hard, or overboard you go.
PAZU: Yes, captain.
Yes! No more
swabbin' the decks! Hooray!
I won't have
to wash the dishes!
I've peeled my last potato!
Yee-haw!
- Whoopee!
- Whee!
CHARLES:
Sheeta, can you make pudding?
I love pudding!
I get to lick the spatula!
And I like chocolate cake
with that...
Oh, what's that frosting?
It's kind of pink and swirly.
Will you shut up?
Ah, what can I tell you?
They just really like dessert.
SHEETA: Look. Pazu. Look.
It's your house.
Ohh, your birds.
Will they be all right?
PAZU:
Yeah. They'll be fine.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Whirring]
DOLA: There she is!
Ahoy! Captain!
Steady, steady!
[Clangs]
SHEETA AND PAZU: Whoa!
And disembark.
Uhh! Wow, what is this ship
made out of, cloth?
And don't you rip it!
- Uhh!
Come on, we'll go topside.
Ohh!
[Wind howling]
DOLA: You're goin'
the wrong way! Come here!
I don't like slow-pokes!
SHEETA: I'm not a slow-poke!
The wind was just...
LOUIE:
You come this way.
- Ohh!
- Pazu?
DOLA: Come on, matey.
I haven't got all day.
LOUIE: Work, work, work.
Left, right, left, right.
You're not here to have fun.
As you can see.
this room’s loaded...
with all sorts of gears
and gizmoes.
Whoa. This engine room
is really amazing.
Is that what it's called?
Hey, papa! Where are you?!
Oh!
Hey, pop, I finally found you
an assistant!
Stop yelling at me!
I can hear you!
Believe me,
Come on, assistant,
Uh, hurry up. He is
even tougher than my mother.
POPPA: I need someone
who's mechanically minded.
Not some half-baked.
swashbuckling...
Casanova wannabe.
[Grunting]
It's too narrow. I can't reach.
It's OK. I got it.
- What's your name?
- Pazu.
But the beam from the crystal
was pointing directly due east.
Are you sure about this?
Yes, I'm sure I could see
You know, it's the end
so the sun rose
not from due east...
but a little further south.
The light was pointing
to the left of the hill...
from which the sun rose,
Pretty smart.
Found anything yet?
Haven't found a single thing,
captain.
DOLA: They’re
jamming the airwaves...
so we can't find 'em.
the flying devils.
Mom, how can we catch them when
It looks like we're cruising
on the windward side of 'em.
So if we manage
to ride the trade wind...
Let's see. According
to my calculations...
with wind velocity at ten...
Looks to me
like we'll catch 'em.
Attention, all hands!
Goliath is already underway
for Laputa.
We’re gonna set sail
and go after them.
If we can catch the wind...
we'll be on their heels
by tomorrow.
The first man to spy Goliath
will receive ten gold coins.
That's good money!
And if the stories we've heard
about Laputa are true...
there’ll be enough treasure...
to make an honest pirate
of us all.
Ha ha! All right!
All hands aboard!
Look alive and get to work!
Let's show
those military dunderheads...
what the Dola pirate gang
is made of!
Let her rip!
[Clang]
[Whirring]
Course, ninety-eight degrees.
Velocity, fifty.
DOLA: Gotta start talkin'
like a real pirate.
SHEETA: I've been practicing.
Um... argh, matey!
Shiver me timbers.
DOLA: Keep practicing.
Now you gotta start
dressing like a real pirate.
Let's see... here.
These are really...
- What?
- Nice.
DOLA: My men, swab the deck,
batten down hatches...
and keep the Tiger Moth
ready for action.
Wow.
And this is
where you'll be working.
[Gulp]
DOLA: This is the galley.
I want it shipshape...
sparkling clean. And
ready for action in one hour.
- That's an order.
- But l...
The boys get awful hungry,
so you'll serve 5 meals a day.
[All shout]
DOLA: Lookin' for something.
gentlemen?
[All chuckle]
You blubberheads!
I'm not runnin' a luxury cruise!
Now get to work!
[Groaning]
Mmm.
[Clanging]
[Fsst fsst fsst]
Hmm?
Hmm.
[Pot bubbling]
SHEETA: Come in.
I'm afraid I'm still cooking.
Nothing's ready yet.
It took me a long time
to clean everything up.
- Ahem.
- Uh, yes? What is it?
Uh...
Yes?
I finished my work
for the moment...
and I've come to offer you
my help.
Well, that's kind of you.
Would you please hand me
those plates over there?
With pleasure,
my little ang... ohh!
- What are you doing here?
- Helping.
I thought you said
you had a stomach ache.
I'm in love with you!
- You?
- Hello.
- Move!
- Too crowded.
Hey, what do I look like,
a chair?
Hi. Is there anything I can do?
- Huh?
- Hey!
[Slow piano music playing]
What's come over you, my dear?
It's not like you to challenge
a ship like Goliath.
You know,
I'm after treasure. That's all.
Heh heh heh. I must admit,
What do you mean by that,
you old fool?
Nothing.
But that little girl...
does remind me of you
not so long ago.
- Who asked ya?
- Nobody.
- Oh, look. Checkmate.
MAN: Fabulous!
[Grunting and slurping]
Does anyone want any more?
I do believe I will have
a second helping.
- Yes!
- I want some more!
[Snoring]
Up and at 'em, youngster.
Come on, young pup.
Huh?
Time to go on duty.
It's cold. Take this.
Huh?
[Snoring]
LOUIE: Keep your eyes peeled.
Don't fall asleep.
Aye-aye, sir.
[Shivering] It's cold.
- I'll take over.
- Thank you!
Huh?
Sheeta!
Ohh. Whoa!
Ohh! That was exciting.
Wow! You can see forever.
[Soft piano music playing]
Ohh.
Sheeta? Here.
[Grunts]
PAZU: You OK?
SHEETA: That's better.
PAZU:
We have to be really quiet.
We don't want Dola
to know you’re up here.
This is great.
Now we can keep watch together.
- Pazu?
- Hmm?
SHEETA: I'm really scared.
To tell you the truth,
I don't want to go to Laputa.
PAZU: You don't want
to go to Laputa?
What do you mean?
I don't get it.
Didn't you tell Dola
the truth?
Huh?
SHEETA:
I didn't lie to Dola.
What I said about
the light's direction is true.
But what if someone else dies?
PAZU:
You mean. Like the robot?
SHEETA:
He died to save my life.
I feel awful.
All this is because of a spell
my grandmother taught me.
She taught me
all sorts of spells.
A spell to use when you’re
looking for something...
a spell to cure sickness.
There’s even one she told me
I must never use.
- What kind of spell?
- The spell of destruction.
SHEETA: She said that
to give power to good spells...
I had to know evil ones. Too.
But she told me
never to use it.
I was so scared
when I learned that spell...
I couldn't sleep.
I didn't know the spells
were connected to my necklace.
Uncle Pom was right
when he said...
that it was dangerous for us to
misuse the power of the crystal.
And what if Laputa
has the same power...
that can also be used
for great evil?
I wish
I'd thrown the crystal away.
But then we never
would have met.
And anyway, even if you had,
Laputa would still exist.
Airplanes and flying machines
are getting better and better.
You know, eventually,
some explorer or another...
will come across the city
of Laputa one day and claim it.
I can't say
I know what's best...
but if Laputa really has
such great power...
we can't let it
fall into the hands...
of bad people like Muska.
And if we run away now,
Muska is gonna chase us forever.
But Pazu, I don't want you
to become a pirate...
because of me.
I'm not gonna become a pirate.
And don't worry.
Dola will understand.
She's much nicer
than she pretends to be.
And when
we've finally found it...
I promise you
we'll go back to Gondoa.
I want to see it all, Sheeta.
The old house where you were
born, the valley and everything.
SHEETA:
Oh. Pazu. Thank you.
- Sheeta, what's that?
Right there. Under the ship.
See it?
SHEETA: What is it?
- Oh. No!
- "Oh. No" is right.
Captain, it's Goliath...
right under our bow!
[Rumbling]
Starboard rudder,
[Explosions]
Why don't you go after them,
Muska? Get them!
It's useless to look for them
in the cloud cover.
I don't need to waste my energy
on a wild-goose chase.
Besides. We’re running
right on schedule.
It was farther north
than I figured.
Pazu, listen carefully to me.
Everything will be ruined
if we lose track of Goliath.
You've got good eyes.
so I want you...
to watch her
and keep us on course.
How do I do that, captain?
The crow's nest
can be made into a kite.
See the metal handle
on the bulkhead?
- I got it!
- Turn it clockwise!
[Straining]
DOLA: Hook it up
and then turn the handle.
That'll make the wings open.
[Straining]
Now extend the wire.
You'll have to get the hang
of flying it on your own.
PAZU: There!
Are you up there,
Sheeta, my dear?
- Yes.
- Best you come down right now.
SHEETA: Why?
Because you're a girl...
a female! That's man's work!
But you're female, captain!
I grew up in the mountains.
I can do this!
Sheeta, no!
Be quiet.
And Pazu agrees with me.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
All right, me hearty,
once you take off...
you'll have to use the phone
to communicate.
[Telephone rings]
SHEETA:
You mean this phone?
She is good.
Right. I think we're set.
Ready for takeoff.
DOLA: Aye-aye. Anchors away!
[Whoosh]
[Whirring]
[Wind whistling]
I don't see them.
They must be hiding
under the cloud cover.
DOLA: Perhaps. But they
could also be above you.
Keep your eyes peeled...
- Roger! Whoa!
- Whoa!
PAZU: Hang on tight!
[Whooshing]
[Straining]
DOLA: What happened?
PAZU:
Nothing. Just a gust of wind.
Didn't bother us at all.
We're fine.
We'll keep on watching.
- Afraid?
- Uh-uh.
I got the hang
of this thing now.
Storm ahead.
Sheeta, look in my bag.
There should be some rope
in there.
OK.
Let's tie ourselves together.
This storm is gonna be rough.
Good idea.
The mercury is dropping
really fast, mom.
Blast our luck, boys.
What a rotten time for a storm.
- When is sun-up?
- In one hour.
Wait a minute.
Something's not right.
The sun is coming up
in the wrong place.
We're out of position.
You're right. We're supposed
to be heading east, not north.
We're going the wrong way.
Captain!
Huh? What do you mean,
we're headed north?
But the compass needle
is pointing east, mom.
There's something
confusing the compass...
and I want to know what it is!
SHEETA:
There it is! Look!
There what is? Is it Goliath?
PAZU:
No. It's a cloud...
and I've only seen
one other like it.
A cloud?
It's heading right for us!
[Dramatic music playing]
That's it.
I'm not gonna captain my ship
into the eye of a hurricane!
Pull back! Pull back,
[Flutters]
We're being pulled
into the center of the storm!
DOLA: Sorry. Pazu.
we can't help you!
You have to ride it out.
Good luck. Sailor!
[Sheeta screams]
I can't get it to turn!
Put more backbone into it,
Dola, the engine can't take it!
What do you want me
to do about it?
Just do what you can!
Clouds are breaking up.
- Uhh! It's the ocean!
- Huh?
Pazu, it's a hurricane!
I see it, captain!
We're going in!
Wow.
It's just like dad said...
two winds blowing
in opposite directions.
DOLA: Shiver me timbers!
What a powerful storm!
CHARLES: Mom. It's no use!
We'll be sucked in!
If there's one thing
I can't stand, it's a quitter!
PAZU:
Captain. Laputa's in there!
Laputa's where?
This is just the kind of storm
my father saw...
and Laputa's
in the middle of it!
DOLA: It can't be.
It'd be smashed to pieces!
- Pazu! Look there!
- Huh?
My boys, we have a dilemma.
It's Goliath off the port bow!
[Explosions]
We're gonna go
into the hurricane, Sheeta!
My dad made it through alive,
and so will we!
Ready?
Brace yourselves, gentlemen!
Aah!
[Explosions]
We did it! Got 'em!
If we don't turn,
- All ahead full.
- Sir?
MUSKA: The light is pointing
to the center of the whirlwind.
Laputa is in that storm.
I won't retreat.
Now go straight ahead...
and that is an order, captain.
- Ready, Sheeta?
- Yes!
[Surging]
[Explosion]
[Music playing]
Huh?
Father?
[Surging]
[Wind howling]
[Wind fades]
[Slow piano music playing]
[Rustling]
[Thud]
[Music swells]
[Moaning]
Huh?
Sheeta!
Hey, are you all right?
Wake up.
Uhh.
Mm.
Look.
Laputa.
- Uhh!
- I'm sorry.
- Here.
- Wait a minute.
It's a very tight knot.
And... my... uhh!
My hands are trembling.
Whoa!
PAZU: Whoo-hoo!
Wow.
SHEETA:
We're here. We really found it.
[Laughing]
- Hoo-hoo!
- Ohh!
- Aah!
- Whoa!
[Laughing]
Pretty birds.
They must live here, Pazu.
Huh?
[Chiming footsteps]
I think he must be here
to meet you, Sheeta.
But I don't have
the Aetherium crystal.
Wait, I've gotta cut us loose.
[Beeps]
PAZU: Hey. Wait!
- You're gonna break that!
- Wait!
Please, Mr. Robot,
We won't be able to go home
without it.
[Beeps]
[Slow piano music playing]
It's a bird's nest.
That's why he's here.
[Birds twittering]
He's just trying to protect it.
I'm so happy
the eggs are all right, Pazu.
It must be his job
to take care of them.
[Beeps]
- He says to follow him.
- How do you know?
I just know that's what he said!
Hey, Sheeta, did you see those?
- Ohh!
- Look!
It's a city.
Ohh.
PAZU: It's a giant garden.
I've never seen anything
like it. It's beautiful.
I can't believe
we're inside a building.
I know. Huh?
[Birds squawk]
But it doesn't look like
a building from the inside.
- Wow, the walls are invisible.
I wonder what happened here.
This used to be a city
of advanced technology.
PAZU: The further we walk,
[Rustling]
- Wow.
- Ohh.
PAZU:
Look at the size of that one.
It must be
a thousand years old.
[Dramatic music playing]
SHEETA: The robot was
leading us to this place, Pazu.
PAZU: Wow.
It must be a monument.
I wish I could read
what it says.
Someone left some flowers.
Look.
Did you leave the flowers?
[Gasps]
Hey, that's a different robot.
It looks like it's been
frozen there forever.
Hey.
SHEETA:
Look. There are more of them.
They must've been
protectors of the garden.
And they've kept on
guarding the place...
even long after
all the people have gone.
[Gasps]
Oh! You've picked
another flower for the grave.
How kind of you.
Oh, thank you.
You must be the only one left.
It looks like
all the other robots...
stopped working a long time ago.
[Squeaks]
[Squeaking]
Ha!
[Beeping]
You know what, Sheeta?
He's got plenty of friends...
the animals and the birds.
He takes care of them.
[Squawking]
[Panting]
[Boom]
This way!
[Wind whistling]
The army has destroyed
this part of the city!
SOLDIER: All right. Men.
Let's move it!
- Let's move!
- Yes. Sirr!
Come on. Double time!
SHEETA:
Isn't that the Tiger Moth?
PAZU: That's Dola's ship.
all right. It's been hit.
Wow. Goliath's bigger
than I thought.
Just look at
all those soldiers.
SHEETA:
We have to do something. Pazu.
PAZU: I know. But what?
SHEETA: I sure hope Dola
and the boys are all right.
PAZU: Me, too. Where are they?
Do you see them?
Wait! There they are!
They've got 'em prisoner!
SHEETA: They've been captured!
We've got to help them!
If we don't, they'll hang 'em
from the yardarm!
- What'll we do?
- Come on.
Hurry!
Sir! Sir!
We've managed
to break down the wall, general.
Just a sample
of what we found inside.
The city
is full of treasure. Sirr.
- Mama!
- Whoa.
Wouldn't you like to have this?
Well, I've got a different
kind of necklace for you!
Have you radioed a report
on Laputa's discovery, Muska?
I was about to.
See if you can make it
difficult to decode.
And stop pocketing
those jewels, you scum!
MUSKA: The perfect thing to
throw those fools off the scent.
We're up so high.
I hope you're good
at climbing trees, Sheeta.
I've got a plan.
Ohh!
[Muffled explosions]
[Explosions]
[Soldiers shouting]
[Grunting]
PAZU:
What a greedy pack of thieves.
We can't let them
destroy the garden, Pazu.
We have to find
the Aetherium crystal.
[Gasps]
We have to find it.
It's the only way
we can protect the garden.
I was wondering why...
all of the storm clouds
just disappeared.
Then I realized
if they hadn't cleared up...
the army
couldn't have made a landing.
You think it was
because of my necklace?
I don't know for sure,
the power of the crystal
disintegrated that storm...
and now the castle
has awakened from its sleep...
for whoever holds the crystal.
We can't let Muska figure out
how to use the crystal.
If he does.
it'll be the end of everything.
But even if we can get
my grandmother's crystal back...
how can we use its power?
[Gasps] The spell, Pazu!
The spell of destruction.
Sheeta, it may be the only way.
- What is it?
- Huh?
FIRST SOLDIER: Over here.
I thought I heard something.
SECOND SOLDIER:
Do you see anything?
FIRST SOLDIER:
No. All clear.
We need help over here!
SECOND SOLDIER: You. Soldier!
Go find the general!
FIRST SOLDIER:
Somebody give us a hand!
SECOND SOLDIER:
Move now! You heard me!
Quickly!
We need to get down there.
[Dramatic music playing]
[Panting]
I'll go first.
Right. Be careful.
Unh! Aah!
[Gasps]
It's OK... aah!
Unh!
Aah!
MUSKA:
It's around here somewhere.
MAN: We're looking
for a doorway, colonel?
I don't see anything. Sirr.
PAZU: Aah!
MUSKA: Hmm.
[Whimpers]
[Grunting]
MUSKA:
It should be here. Wait!
This is it!
[Hums]
- Look!
- Incredible!
[Stone creaking]
- Huh?
- Unh!
It's the boy!
- Aah!
Look out!
- Sheeta!
- Stop! Don't shoot!
MUSKA: Not so fast.
Well, well, looks like
Don't hurt her!
- Unh!
- It came from over here!
- Colonel, what's happening?
- We've found another pirate.
And there's one more
hiding under your feet.
SOLDIER:
Yes. Sirr! We'll get him.
[Struggling]
Sheeta, I'll find you!
SHEETA: Pazu!
Huh?
Give me a hand grenade!
Is that Pazu?
Uhh!
- Holy smokes!
- Eww.
That wasn't me!
Hmm. That's hot.
- Mom, what's going on?
- Hmm.
- I need the commanding officer!
- That way!
The general's waiting
over there.
Guards, on the double! Now!
SOLDIER:
You men, come with me!
- Right away, sir!
- Yes, sir!
- Dola.
- Huh?
Hmm?
Hi there.
Sheeta's been captured.
I'm going to save her.
When I cut your ropes.
make a run for it.
[Grunting]
DOLA:
Ohh, thanks. That's got it.
Good luck, now, captain.
Wait a minute, boy.
You'd better take this.
Huh? Uhh... thank you.
The boy has become a man.
What? What do you mean, Muska's
destroyed all the radios?
Sir! He must've done it while
most of the men were outside.
Several of the guards
have been seriously injured.
We've spotted Muska heading
for the black dome below, sir.
He's not alone. He's got
those other two men with him.
So, Colonel Muska reveals
Now find him and arrest him!
All right, first platoon, move!
Second platoon, fall in!
You are to shoot
anyone who resists!
We must find Colonel Muska now!
Uh, excuse me, Colonel Muska.
We are in the center of Laputa.
The castle above us
means nothing!
All of Laputa's
scientific knowledge...
is contained in this chamber.
Ladies first.
You may wait here, gentlemen.
- Colonel!
- Colonel, please!
This is a sacred place...
where only royalty
is allowed to enter.
Huh? What's happened here? Uhh!
These filthy roots
don't belong in this chamber!
Horrible things.
I'll have them burned.
This way. Come!
[Grunting]
There it is! This is it.
See?
[Hums]
[Gasps]
MUSKA: Not here, too! Aah!
Roots?
[Splashing]
Nothing but tree stumps
and vines!
Stupid, ugly, dirty,
disgusting things!
[Grunting]
At last!
At last I have found it!
The largest
Aetherium crystal ever.
And the source
of all the power in Laputa.
The amazing thing
is this beautiful stone...
has been awaiting the return
of its king for 700 years.
SHEETA:
Seven hundred years?
700 years is a long time
to be without a king, isn't it?
It's the black stone,
[Insects buzzing]
Get away! [Grunts]
There it is. It's the same.
Who are you, Muska?
Yes, my dear.
l, too, have an old secret name.
My real name is
Romska Polo UI Laputa.
[Gasps]
You and I
have the same royal ancestors.
We are both of noble blood.
But then our ancestors
left Laputa to live on earth.
What a mistake!
[Boom]
- The explosives have no effect!
- This is no ordinary stone!
Then use all of the dynamite
we have!
MUSKA: General.
there is no need to do that.
You may come in.
Where are you, Muska?
[Pinging]
- Aah!
[Rumbling]
Huh?
[Yelling]
Unh!
[Snap]
Aaaah!
Unh!
[Grunting]
Huh? Aah!
[Sniffs]
MUSKA:
Really. I don't understand...
why you hesitate. General.
Please come in.
Blast him!
All right, follow me!
[All yell]
[Grunting]
[Rumbling]
Huh?
After him, men!
Wait, wait, hold on!
Just where are you, Muska?
MUSKA: Please be quiet.
- What?
- Up there!
- Whoa.
- What's going on?
Hold your tongue, commoner!
You are in the presence
of the king of Laputa!
The man has gone crazy!
I thought I would show you
an example of Laputa's power.
We are about to celebrate
the rebirth...
of the Laputian kingdom.
Sheeta?
MUSKA: Prepare yourself
for the thunder of Laputa!
Sheeta, I'm coming.
Aah!
[Yelling]
[Boom]
[Straining]
The fire of heaven
that destroyed...
Sodom and Gomorrah
in the Old Testament.
The Rahmaniya referred to it
as Indra's Arrow.
The entire world
will once again kneel...
before the power of Laputa.
I can only say well-done, Muska.
You're a credit to our country.
As such,
[Clicking] Huh?
I have really had enough
of your incredible stupidity.
[Gasps]
Aah!
- Run, everyone!
- You little brat!
Good-bye!
Enjoy the ride!
[All screaming]
[Laughing]
Blimey! More robots!
Yeah, and there's a lot of them.
Make a run for it!
- Check the flapters!
- OK, mom!
They're ready to travel!
LOUIE: Time to go. Mama!
Hush up!
They don't know we're here!
Tarnation.
Now, where are Pazu and Sheeta?
Can't leave without 'em.
Oh!
You had better be gracious
to the new king, dear.
Ohh!
You and I will be spending
quite a lot of time together.
Look at the fools.
Unbelievably stupid!
Pathetic.
They simply don't understand.
It is useless to fight me.
Aah! Uhh!
Aah! Ah!
[Straining]
[Boom]
Huh?
Robots!
[Beeping]
Aah!
[Wind whistling]
[Cannons firing]
[Grunting]
[Panting]
[Shouting]
Sheeta!
[Gasps]
MUSKA: A superior being such as
myself has only one option...
burn them.
Don't you agree,
Princess Lusheeta?
- Ahh.
- Stop it, Muska!
SHEETA: You've got
what you want! Stop it!
MUSKA: Ha ha ha ha ha!
- Give me the crystal!
- You insolent little brat!
Uhh!
Seize her!
Ahh.
[Grunting]
[Pounding]
Be a good girl
and give the crystal back.
Please open up! Please!
Uhh!
MUSKA: Sheeta!
Sheeta. Listen to me.
Be reasonable.
There's no way you can escape.
SHEETA: Please open! Help me!
MUSKA: They can't hear you.
Only I can help you.
Ah!
[Grunting]
Sheeta!
[Panting]
[Muska laughing]
Aah!
PAZU: Sheeta!
Pazu? Where are you?
PAZU:
Sheeta! Over here!
Sheeta!
- You're alive!
- Stand back.
I'm gonna blast through.
- Here we go!
- No, Pazu! Hurry! Take this!
Muska's coming! Hurry!
Sheeta!
SHEETA: Here, take it!
Throw it into the ocean!
Uhh!
Aah!
Better protect that crystal if
you want to see the girl alive.
Do you hear me?!
[Grunts]
[Click click click]
[Grunting]
Sheeta!
[Gunshot]
[Sheeta shouts]
Aah!
Get up, princess.
The game is over.
How appropriate that we've
ended up in the throne room.
Now get over here.
This is no longer a throne room.
This is a tomb
for the both of us.
You see, a king
without compassion...
does not deserve a kingdom.
You will never
possess the crystal.
You and I
will die here together.
Now I understand why
the people of Laputa vanished.
There is a song from my home
in the Valley of Gondoa...
that explains everything.
It says,
"Take root in the ground...
"live in harmony
with the wind...
"plant your seeds
in the winter...
"and rejoice with the birds
in the coming of spring."
No matter how many weapons
you have...
no matter how great
your technology might be...
the world cannot live
without love.
Laputa will live.
I will return it to life.
Laputa's power
is the dream of all mankind.
Your ears are next...
unless you get on your knees
and obey me.
I command you.
Give me that stone!
PAZU:
Stop right there. Muska!
I've hidden the stone!
If you do anything
to harm Sheeta...
you'll never get it back!
No, Pazu! Listen!
Run away before he kills you
as well as me!
Look who's here.
Give me the stone,
Otherwise, I'll kill her.
Are you planning
on fighting me?
Go ahead. Use that cannon
you can hardly lift.
You can have the stone
if you let me talk to Sheeta.
No, Pazu! Get out of here
I'll give you one minute,
starting now.
Ohh, Pazu!
Sheeta,
Whisper the spell to me.
I'll say it with you.
Just put your hand in mine
and trust me.
Tell me
the spell of destruction.
Dola and the boys are free.
Don't worry about them.
Whisper the spell in my ear.
Time's up. What is your answer?
PAZU: You ready?
Huh?
- Balus.
- Aah!
Aaah!
[Rumbling]
Aah! My eyes!
I can't see!
No! No!
We can't wait anymore, mom!
All right, then.
Let's shove off!
- Hurry up!
- Let's go, let's go, let's go!
[Buzzing]
Look at that!
The whole thing's collapsing!
[Creaking]
Poor kids.
I'll really miss them.
They used
the spell of destruction.
They saved Laputa
from the evil hands of Muska.
[Crying]
Hmm?
[Rumbling]
Mother, look! What is that
It's a big stone!
Yes. I can't see that. But
what does it mean. Numbskull?
That's my question!
That tree's getting away
with our treasure!
Get it! Get it! Move!
[All shouting]
PAZU: Sheeta?
Pazu!
We're alive. What happened?
PAZU: It looks like these roots
saved us.
SHEETA: Of course!
We protected the tree.
Now it protects us.
[Grunting]
PAZU: It's the kite!
It looks fine. It should work.
- Ready?
- Ready.
PAZU: Now!
[Dramatic music playing]
DOLA: What's goin' on here?
It's gettin' away from us.
Why the deuce aren't we
gaining altitude, huh?
There's just too much weight
to gain alti...
Huh?
- Hello! Dola!
- Hey, captain!
Sheeta!
[Cheering]
Sheeta is alive!
Dola!
Thank goodness you're alive!
So are you! This is great!
No, it's not! My poor
little ship is gone forever!
[Crying]
Stop with the cryin',
you big baby!
- I'll get you another ship!
- OK.
Oh, poor little thing.
There's nothing worse than
having your pigtails shot off.
SHEETA: Better than
having your eye poked out.
- What have you got under there?
- My fault.
You must've hurt yourself
on these.
Now, how'd they get
inside my blouse?
[Cheering]
All good pirates
listen to their mom.
LOUIE: That is so true.
[Laughing]
- Bye!
[Laughing and cheering]
Whoa-oh-oh!
[Woman singing in Japanese]
[Music ends]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org